foreign
to love it to invite it I can't wait to
be anxious again when you're at that
place that's the real freedom
where you're not trying to manage
yourself that's where the real freedom
is welcome to the art of accomplishment
where we explore how deepening
connection with ourselves and others
leads to creating the life we want with
enjoyment and ease I'm Brett Kistler
here today with my co-host Joe Hudson
[Music]
all right hello Joe how are you doing
today I am a bit under the weather today
actually I woke up with a or went to
sleep with just like a there's a little
bit of a sore throat did the whole kova
testing was negative but uh yeah a
little under the weather but still happy
still feeling good just a little little
lack of energy yeah I know that whole oh
I'm having some symptoms is it coveted a
little anxiety there oh no what's this
gonna
is this gonna be a two-week thing is it
going to be over in a couple of days is
it going to become far worse did I give
it to somebody who gave it to me do they
know they have it what that's not
happening but yeah
but yeah I can imagine yeah yeah well I
mean I guess I just assumed because like
last last time I spoke with you you said
you were in a love relationship with
anxiety and so I'm like oh well if I was
in love with relationship with anxiety
and I woke up feeling under the weather
those are this is like the go-to
[Laughter]
yeah right where we go the love
relationship with anxiety
came out of an experiment that I wanted
to do which was to
as much as possible through the day feel
Whatever anxiety I might be having so to
get in touch with it in my physical
person
and just like
okay just be in touch with it without
trying to change it without trying to do
anything just to like increase my
awareness of how anxiety moves through
my system
so that's what the love relationship
with anxiety
was and that experiment has ceased I
haven't I'm not doing it right now
though it seems like it'd probably be
appealing to you again but vacation it
happened you've beaten anxiety
no
you know for whatever reason experiments
come for a while and then they go for a
while and then Sometimes they come back
there was just this awareness and during
it I recall just
um an appreciation for the anxiety the
love for the anxiety and that the more
that I paid attention to it the more
that it
it transformed inside of me the more it
just showed that it was life force
that's the best way that I can describe
it well let's let's define it what what
does anxiety to you what do you what do
you mean by anxiety yeah that's a great
question so I would
talk about anxiety from the perspective
of you know the three brains uh the head
brain or the
human prefrontal cortex the emotional
side the mammalian side of the brain and
the nervous system side of the brain
so for me
anxiety for the head is just a
constantly preparing for attack it's
trying to figure out what's going to go
wrong and and modulate your performance
and your environment to prevent
anything from going wrong whatever that
is meaning there that a lot of times
what we think is wrong actually turns
out to be a huge gift and
than from the heart perspective from the
emotional mammalian perspective I would
say it's unmet needs
right if you just think about a mammal
they're anxious when their needs aren't
being met
our needs because we have a sense of
self-reform more complicated probably
than many mammals but it's any kind you
have an unmet need which I think is
really important to see because it
allows you to take immediate action when
you're when you're having anxiety
and then from a nervous system it's just
that constriction of Life Force the
anxiety and I think that's when I was
saying
the more I paid attention to it the more
it's left life force and so it and
what's happening there for me in that
experiment was that the more I paid
attention to it the less the
constriction was necessary
it was like oh I'm you know it's like
almost like a child
acts one way if it's wanting your
attention and acts another way when it
gets your attention
and so it's for me the anxiety is really
just the constriction of of Life Force
on the nervous system level so that
that's how I would Define it okay yeah
so you describe these these three levels
which we've talked about before this
like you've mentioned before is the head
heart and gut it's shown up in some of
the exercises and courses where you do
practices in each of those States each
of those places also describable as like
the prefrontal cortex The Logical mind
the limbic system the emotional mind and
the gut just sort of like the you know
the Deep nervous system looking for its
safety and its food and hunger
kind of what you just described is that
it this feeling of anxiety is a
constriction of life force and what do
you mean by life force is that like
emotional movement is that yeah so two
things with that so what do I mean by
life force I I mean that the
when we are alive there is something
that animates us you know like there is
an energy
you could call it like the battery pack
of the of a phone would you know it's
like the energy it's literally the
energy so I'm not trying to do anything
spiritual with that I just mean that we
have
um something that propels us forward and
I'm just call I'm using that for Life
Force you can use the word energy for it
it's it's what allows you to be awake
and moving around you know it's it is
life it is and so that's what I'm
speaking to it's nothing uh think about
it just very practically like a battery
pack or the uh the what the battery
would move through your body and then
the battery and what moves through your
body to get you going yeah yeah so
basically like impulse from deep within
you that is driving your behavior
driving what you want driving what you
need driving the safety you're looking
for driving the yeah the passions that
you're into before you construct an
emotional or logical story around them
yeah and the second part that makes that
really important is that their studies
and animals right now I think it's mice
maybe it was rats and it's like three
generations so if a if a baby mouse
maybe baby brat isn't cared for in the
proper way like in a typical way and
then they they have an anxiety that
occurs in their system what we would
call an anxiety in their jittery they're
more you know fast-paced they're more
anxious they and they don't raise their
children the same way and it takes three
generations of safety for small mammals
without cognitive ability to go from
anxious anxiety to non-anxious anxiety
to non-anxiety excuse me so that nervous
system side of things is really it's
really profound it's a very profound
thing yeah that's I think that's
fascinating for the way that a lot of us
relate to anxiety is that we will try to
figure out what it is
and why it's there and I think really a
lot of something that's been really
helpful to me is just to let go of
trying to figure out what the anxiety is
and just let myself feel it because
whatever is going on in my body
especially like deep down in my nervous
system is far too complex for there to
be a story or a narrative around and
maybe something like epigenetically
inherited by
like through my family or passed down
through behavior of family or Society
uh and a lot of it just being associated
with perhaps the way that life has
changed so much in a couple of
generations that our nervous systems
aren't
ready for prepared for yeah it's an
interesting thing what you said is true
that some people are trying to figure
out often times people are beating
themselves up for it oh my God I gotta
stop being so anxious
anxiety is something that you know the
other day I was having the session with
somebody and you know within 30 seconds
I was like uh so
tell me about your anxiety it was the
first time I'd had a session with the
person they're like how did you know did
somebody tell you and it's like
no it was all over
you know the way that she held herself
Etc but the way she said who told you it
was shame based she had Shame about her
anxiety and I think a lot of people have
shame around their anxiety so it's not
even trying to figure it out it's like I
want to get rid of this thing
and that of course only creates more
anxious it only creates more anxiety
yeah I mean it looks like what happened
there was that you know her intellect
was looking for the threat as you just
described and the threat was somebody
recognizing my anxiety and me being
rejected for it that's exactly right
yeah yeah so what what would make it
that we would constrict ourselves from
this like feeling this life force or
feeling these unfelt emotions that
result in our anxiety yeah well it's
uncomfortable until you
you know it's a bit like a deep tissue
massage anxiety is is like if you're
not fully in contact with a deep tissue
massage it's going to be really painful
and sometimes it's going to be a little
painful even if you are in deep contact
right so if you're getting a deep tissue
massage and you're talking on the phone
it's going to be annoying as hell
um if you're going to deep test your
massage and you're in a quiet room with
relaxing music it's going to be less
annoying I think anxiety is very much
like that it's it is a direct signal
telling us that something is wrong
so we want to take action over that like
that's the nature that that's where it
comes to the unmet needs right it's
saying oh something is wrong we need to
take some sort of action
uh to fulfill to make sure that we're
safe right that's what it's meant for in
a general place however
anxiety was built for I think probably
far more about the physical body than
the sense of self and the physical body
can't really be under threat for
sustained periods of time unless it's in
a war
you know it's kind of these short
moments whereas you get this long
sustained anxiety
because a sense of self can be under
Threat all the time all the time if your
sense of self is a CEO and your company
is
having a hostile takeover that you know
which leads to like an eight-month legal
battle or six-year legal battle
like that's your sense of self is under
is under attack for that whole time
right so that's just that's brutal so I
think there's a sustained thing that
happens
which is what's new in our modern
society but what's true historically
with anxiety is it's it's telling you
that there's some unmet need that's
going on there and that Insight is the
most profound for taking action around
anxiety it's true that we recognize even
that when when there's anxiety there's
some unmet need and there's some action
we want to take often that action is
that we want to think about what to do
and then we circulate in that for a long
time thinking and thinking and thinking
uh because no action feels like it's
actually leading to a safer place
um because we're stuck in some local
Optimum and every way every direction
feels like it's worse before it
potentially gets better and we might not
see that yeah right we get scared of the
consequences yeah we're trying to avoid
a consequence and so We're looping to
create you know like 100 certainty which
is
that doesn't really it's not really how
life offers itself and and the cool
thing about that is that we don't
actually need 100 certainty we just need
to be convinced that their certainty
meaning one person
walks take you know goes outside of
their house and walks to the grocery
store in their mind there's 100
certainty that they're going to get
there and they're going to get back
intellectually they might be like yeah
there's a small chance but they don't
think about it they're it's like there's
no or somebody who's scared to leave
their house
they're not they're not certain of that
right so it's really not even
that it's logically certain uh it's far
more about whether it's the that
perceived certainty
is there
which is somewhat ridiculous because
it's
the the results that we think we want
are usually not the best results yeah
and the results that we get from acting
on the first impulse from anxiety
are often not the best results yeah
right they're usually the they're
usually the most likely thing is for
them to create the thing we're anxious
about yeah in particular if we're if
we're trying not to feel the anxiety if
we're trying not to feel the anxiety
Then the unmet needs are going to come
out as proposed actions that we take
that are
you know a skew to the actual unmet need
they're going to create it probably yeah
right if I'm anxious that I'm going to
lose my job if I'm anxious that I have
to keep my boss happy to lose my job or
I'll lose my job I am far less likely to
keep my boss happy yeah I'm far more
likely to lose the job and far more
likely to lose the job because I am not
acting in Flow State I am not getting
things done as quickly I'm second
guessing myself all the time I'm I'm
trying to get it perfect instead of
understanding the deeper requirement
that the boss has I mean etc etc etc
yeah and I think on some level we know
this which is why we want to be calm so
we want to move ourselves into this calm
state
which just feels like it's like moving
away from anxiety is going to get us
there but it's actually the anxiety that
is the signal that's showing us how to
reach homeostasis it's showing us the
unmet needs that are going to bring us
back into equilibrium and I think often
what we mistake is what part of us has
that need like what you were just
describing is that the sense of self is
something that can be under attack all
the time
and if we feel the anxiety
and just let it move what happens to
that sense of self that we think we're
defending and what happens to what we
think the unmet need is when we actually
sit in the feeling of the need being
unmet
instead of immediately trying to fix it
yeah there's levels of the need and
there is an annihilation of a sense of
self that happens which is what I would
I would also call that a sense of
Freedom right so the annihilation of a
sense of self nothing less to be
defended more freedom
um but what's interesting is let's take
the example of the boss for example like
how many people do we know who have that
fear that the boss is going to fire them
it's like it's pretty prevalent in our
society here's what's not prevalent in
our society
somebody saying Hey to their boss I
notice that I'm operating out of anxiety
that I'm gonna get fired at some point
and
and I want to not operate out of that
anxiety because I'm going to be more
efficient
um and I'm going to do better and I'm
going to enjoy myself more I'm going to
burn out less I'm going to have more
energy for you
so I'm wondering can we get really clear
expectations of what you want from me so
that I know exactly what's needed to
keep my job and that we can make an
agreement that if I do this then we get
there it's not happening not just that
simple conversation and that's an
example of getting your needs met
so
what the anxiety like that first like oh
I'm anxious I'm gonna take action
without any being with it what it does
is it it kind of hits the most surface
level of the need instead of the deeper
need so the process of sitting in the
anxiety feeling the anxiety being
curious about where it's coming from
what it is not even a story about it but
just somatically feeling it what does
this feel like in my body yes it gets
you deeper I would even say you can do
all that and it won't work very well if
you're trying to get rid of it okay so
what's good what's going to happen is
you if you start doing that process if
you're like oh where is the anxiety
right now
you're going to notice that the anxiety
loosens and it and it and like the life
force is less constricted and
and then the brain is going to say oh if
I'm with this if I be with this and I
can get rid of it
which isn't actually addressing the
underlying need and then it stops
working so it's far more about loving it
than it is about being with it so the
the kind of the translation of the
Eastern meditation stuff is is all about
be with awareness you know and it's
great very important stuff and
to love it to invite it I can't wait to
be anxious again
when you're at that place that's the
real freedom
where you're not trying to manage
yourself that's where the real freedom
is yeah I can see that I can see the
subtle Management in the concept of
being with a feeling because
there's like the feelings there you're
next to it you're sort of observing it
as a way not to really feel it you're
like there they are feeling right yeah
Joe says to
recognize that you exist here so I'm
just gonna stand here and watch you
change into something better right
instead of instead of I can't wait to
feel this again right I've been moving
through that a lot myself in just the
past couple weeks we for for the
audience here we actually had a episode
on this topic that we recorded later on
we were like oh let's redo it we could
do a better job of the performance on
the episode but in the episode I had
like started to feel something in my
throat and we went into that and I sat
with that as a sort of a meditation over
the next couple weeks just like what
what was it in there that was feeling in
this constriction
uh and just going in and like letting
myself like love feeling it yeah has
opened up a lot of things and a number
of things have shifted in my life it's
hard to point it all back to one thing
because everything's so multifactorial
but it's been a really interesting
Journey for me to be loving the anxiety
not just seeing it as something that's
like
theoretically welcome if you had to
point to one thing that you think
obviously you can't prove but what what
do you think has shifted
by feeling that the anxiety that lives
in your throat yeah so uh I mean when we
were talking about anxiety being a
constriction of life force and there
being emotions that are unfelt but
particularly that constriction of Life
Force I felt that in my throat I was
feeling anxiety in times when I felt
like I was limiting myself in times when
I was making myself smaller or hiding
and then I used to be in sort of a cycle
where I'd feel that in my throat and
that would be a sign that I'm like
hiding
and then I would be like oh look I'm
doing it and then I would just try to
not be doing that by like altering my
behavior rather than just by feeling oh
what's what's this thing that I'm this
constriction of feeling in my throat and
then you know going into that and
finding that there's other constrictions
there's really subtle muscle tension in
certain parts of my body
and
then just sitting in those the other day
I was I was having a really rough day
where just like a lot of like
challenging information was coming to me
from all sides and I was feeling
overwhelmed and I sat down like to
meditate which I haven't been doing much
and I was a little bit beating myself up
about like oh man I really gotta get
meditation back in my practice but I sat
down and like I didn't do any particular
kind of meditation practice formally I
just sat down and I felt what was in my
body and I was anxious and then I just
loosened the tension in my muscles a
little bit more and I felt more of the
anxiousness and I just sat in literally
30 seconds later instead of getting up
and going to the fridge and doing more
avoidant things I pulled up my like
phone and sent a couple messages that
were really important and started some
conversations that were really
fruitful and every time I felt a little
bit avoidant that day or procrastinating
I just sat down and felt it in very
little time
suddenly an Impulse came up to do
something that was actually beneficial
for me that's really beautiful what what
you're saying that avoidant behavior
it's actually one that I have a little
bit of challenge with in the fact that
it's not in my system at all so I don't
have direct
for whatever reason as a kid I was the
person
who was you know created the conflict it
didn't avoid the conflict I was I was
like the family Crucible I was the
person who always said what was wrong
that everybody wanted to avoid and so I
don't really understand the avoidant
behavior the same way I understand a lot
of other behaviors and but what I just
heard you say was that
the more you were with your anxiety
and wonder
invulnerability and view if you will or
or with love then the less the avoidance
happened yeah and another thing that
shifted was that my the conversations
that I was having the same kind of
conversation a difficult one by many
metrics
suddenly became more enjoyable I was
able to experience the like the pleasure
of showing up right and also notice that
in the conversations my guess is that
you were addressing unmet needs yeah
speaking things that were important to
me that I hadn't been saying before also
not buying stories that weren't true for
me but also being there to like validate
the the feelings in them yeah and
overall
feeling the anxiety of the consequences
I'm afraid of that's a beautiful
distinction you just made which is like
I didn't buy the story but I validated
the emotional experience of the person
that's like just I want to say how
beautiful that was and I wasn't afraid
of the consequences yeah I was doing it
from what was alive for me and in my
enjoyment and not trying to manage the
situation not trying to manage the the
people I was talking to and it really
shifted the relationships that I was
involved in in this Dynamic uh it's it
shifted so quickly that I actually can't
even tell that it was me shifting it or
if all of us dropped a thing at the same
time or if one of them dropped it first
and then that impacted me I I really
don't even know it just like a lot of
things just shifted all at once and
uh what I do know is that I started to
feel a lot more pleasure in the
in the process of digging up like what
would normally have been uncomfortable
topics and yeah beautiful yeah so that's
an interesting question right and and to
me if I'm listening to this podcast I
would think to myself how do I
I'm not sure if I have a great answer
for this either but the I would be
thinking to myself how do I stop caring
about the consequences
and I think the best answer I can have I
have on that one is
is that the consequence that you're
scared of is actually an emotional state
and if you can love every emotional
state you're not worried about
the consequences
and somebody is probably saying I'm not
scared I'm scared of losing my job and
not having
any money and and if I said to you and
if you were lost your job and didn't
have any money and you were totally
happy and blissed out
what would be the problem
you would still be standing sitting and
lying down just like you are today
so
and obviously there's some place where
it's like we have a primal instinct to
be fed
yeah but we all
know that like we definitely make these
big mountains out of Mill Hills and so I
think in general what I would say is
most people's fears over
having to feel some way about themselves
or have to feel some way that's the
consequence that we're actually avoiding
yeah I feel like the process in my in my
feeling my anxiety was that I I got
deeper than the threat to myself
and felt what by feeling the anxiety and
loving the anxiety I started to feel
what was really a threat and what was
not a threat at all to my actual
physical self and most of the story
fell away as oh that's actually not a
real threat and I can actually see how
it like having that story is more of a
threat yeah yeah and so then it just was
easy for that to shift
it felt a little bit discordant for
myself to be enjoying difficult
conversations so much which brings me to
another another thing that another set
of emotions that people don't tend to
notice can be part of anxiety is unfelt
joy unfelt happiness
and let's talk about that a little bit
yeah it's an odd thing it's like we all
want it
um we all want joy and happiness like
most of products are sold on the idea
that it'll make you happy so it's
something that we all want but we're all
actually really really scared of it is
my experience
um
and there's a couple ways to see this
and think about this the first one is
if you think about you're alone in a
cafe that's full of people and you start
crying
or if you get angry
or if you
um
get um scared
in a cafe
and how about if you just start laughing
out of just pure Bliss and joy
like which one's going to make people
most uncomfortable like which one's
going to be the most scary you know so
it it points to you and also if you look
at like little kids how many times hey
Johnny calm down hey Johnny not like how
much is of that exuberance is like
totally squashed in kids all the time
that just like rampant Joy so that's
another way that you can see how our
society does not accept
um like a deep level of Joy a deep level
of exuberance uh so
there's a couple ways to look at it the
other thing is that there's just
something about pleasure anxiety as well
which is
I think you'll see people oftentimes
like laugh because they get it in in a
session and then they'll stop laughing
and they'll stop the laughing because
it's they have this like oh I'm not
allowed to feel good and and sometimes
that comes into
if I if the other shoe's gonna drop
that's the thought Pro if I let this in
and feel good
the other shoe is going to drop it if I
let this in I'll get hurt in some way if
I let the love in then that person can
hurt me there's all these very false
conceptions that happen
so another way to really see about this
is like how well do you accept
compliments do you let the like if
someone compliments you do you let it in
do you say hey thanks are you are you
saying oh no that's not me or are you
like wow thank you very much how does it
hit you how much does it do you let it
tickle you and feel good in your system
and how much does it bring up anxiety
yes and how much does it bring up
anxiety exactly right and it's the same
with like other things of pleasure
orgasms or or
um laughter you know how openly can you
laugh like how long is the orgasm like
all these things are are good indicators
of how much joy you can feel I think I
think in common with a lot of with all
those is some form of loss of control or
the there's a feeling of a loss of
control and then anybody who's around
you might also fear that there's like a
loss of predictability right yeah the
guy who's laughing maniacally for
reasons that I don't understand in a
coffee shop I mean I've seen in movies
that that's probably the guy who's like
planted a bomb at the local hospital is
about to paint his face with a crazy
like so the the base rate there is to
expect something unexpected and that
scares us it's the most common thing I
hear about the podcast when people talk
to me is they're like your laugh they
they like and some people are like I
don't trust your laugh like that's
some people just make fun of it but like
my laugh is the is the thing that like I
get the most comments about yeah so it
it touches something I remember a moment
in in a week-long workshop with you
where as part of an exercise somebody
told me something that was
that was for me to hear and to process
yeah and to reclaim about myself and
speaking to this history I have in in uh
in extreme sports of having a lot of
friends having died they said you did a
shitty job mourning your dead friends oh
and I let that in and it imploded into
grief as I expected it to but then it
just exploded into the Supernova of joy
that I just didn't understand yeah and
the joy felt like a celebration of every
one of their lives and the celebration
of me still being around and like all
the positive feeling associated with
having been through this life path and
not much like Nano seconds after it
began and I nearly left out of my chair
I like calmed it back down yeah yeah I
brought myself back into the presence
you know into the moment and
I have a couple stories like I was very
common for me when I'm working with
people for them to just like start
laughing hysterically for a while
um when they see something when they see
through something there's a great quote
that I love that I've probably mentioned
before here which is
um
God is a comedian playing to an audience
that's too afraid to laugh
and I remember like multiple stories of
this of you know even one of one of the
people who mentored me
um case like I one day I was like
noticing I'm like you stop your laughter
could you like what's going on well I'm
scared I'm gonna offend you I'm like if
if I can be offended by your laughter
man like bring it like I'll find
something about myself that laughterism
is like such an amazing thing and so
many people like stop it and but the
most annoying one was that I was at I
think it was my last Meditation Retreat
with somebody else leading it and not
that I maybe will do another one but I
think maybe this is part of the reason I
haven't is because I was laughing at
everybody's questions all these very
sincere people were coming up and like
asking these questions that were I'm
sure deeply profound for them and I just
like kept laughing and I realized like I
had made a decision in myself that I was
gonna laugh whenever I felt it and you
know which it makes it difficult for me
sometimes in sessions because like I
will laugh at somebody's pain sometimes
and I'm not laughing at it like haha
you're hurt I'm laughing at it like haha
like you believe that you know like it's
like it's like I just find it like so
amazing and hilarious at the
Ridiculousness of of ourselves not just
them but of of me as well and how I
could be in that and so
but I was laughing for five days of a
silent Retreat every other question or
something like that there's some jackass
who was me in the back of the thing
laughing just hysterically uh and and I
I know I know like because afterwards I
I was around for like an hour and I had
a couple people who clearly I got I got
their ire right and so how do you think
that Retreat would have been for you if
you had been trying to hold in that
laughter and instead do be a good
meditator
a good silent retreater oh what would
you have been feeling in your body oh
wow that's a great question
um what would I have it's a hint it's a
topic of our current episode oh it is
okay
let me just yeah let me just
yeah yeah it would have been
discontent for sure and I think anxiety
would have been
I think there would have been more
anxiety and more shame probably both
yeah yeah I think the anxiety from the
constriction of it and the shame
because
I noticed that the more that I'm not
authentic the more shame I have in my
life
I don't know why that mechanism happens
but it does seem to be the case the more
authentic I am the less shame there is
yeah I think there's something some part
of us that just knows
if we're not being authentic
even if nobody else sees it we see it
yeah and
we feel that shame yeah and so that
makes maybe a shame another great topic
for this emotion series as another
lovable emotion with a very valuable
signal in it yeah for sure just to sum
up on the I do see that a lot of the
constriction of life force is the
constriction of of joy and the other
thing to say about anxiety that I think
is really important like
life requires friction it requires
resistance
meaning a cell can't survive without
some level of friction or resistance
a sun can't exist without some level of
resistance or friction
we can't exist without it either so
to try to get rid of anxiety is somewhat
ridiculous it's like it's it's life has
this as a aspect of it if we took all of
the
resistance or the friction of Life out
there it's death
but somewhere I think four years five
years maybe even more back I I was doing
this meditation where I
was
trying to hold my anxiety as lightly as
possible without letting it go
where I wanted to make sure and it
wasn't anxiety it wasn't anxiety at the
time I think it I think I think I didn't
even call it anxiety at the time but I
think I called it just like the disease
I was trying to hold my diseases as as
lightly as possible without letting it
go
and it was it was a great really great
experiment hmm highly recommend it so to
close this episode what's one question
that we could sit with to develop this
relationship with anxiety I would
recommend if you're gonna do the
experiment which I highly recommend you
do to be with your anxiety as much as
possible in a way that you're grateful
and you're embracing it then a great
question is how is my anxiety right now
it was a great question and it's a
little awkward the question is a little
awkward how is my anxiety right now
and it's designed that way because it
keeps the head out of the action a
little bit right so how is my anxiety
right now if you so just ask it and feel
it for a moment yeah I feel like that
question goes more to the the quality of
the anxiety instead of a story around it
yes yeah exactly the felt sass cool
great a pleasure yeah thank you Joe
thanks for listening to the art of
accomplishment if you enjoyed what you
heard today please subscribe and rate US
on your podcast app we'd love your
feedback so feel free to send us
questions or comments you can reach out
to us join our newsletter or check out
our courses at Art of accomplishment.com
[Music]
foreign